[Autogenerated] So what is a micro services architecture?
To answer that question, let's take an example.
Application on Architect is such first of all will say
we're dealing with a digital retail bank so we can use a
real life scenario in our example.
In fact,
this is the example will be working with throughout the rest of the course.
Now, in order to build micro services,
we would first like a different business functionalities.
That our banks get half in this case is quite a lot of them,
meaning that our application is going to be quite
complex having to do many things.
It's these business functionalities that can then be
used to define our micro services.
Each business functionality maps to a single micro service,
which is an autonomous application with that single responsibility.
On top of this, each micro service will have its own database.
This housekeeping de couples,
as a micro service only ever owns its own data and
no other the spiders decoupling.
The reality is that they're typically needs to be some sort of
inter service communication between micro services.
For example, Ah,
payment service might need to call the account service to check
whether a person has enough money to make a payment.
Ah, lot of the time this communication tends to be done synchronously via,
say, a hate T T p a p i or a synchronously fire a message broker.
It's this message passing between micro services that's a main driver for
spring cloud contract or consumer driven contract testing,
which will discover later on in this module.
ASUs module mainly focuses on the challenges of Marcus Services.
Testing will first mentions of micro service benefits.
This is so we get a more balanced view of the trade offs
between micro services on more traditional,
monolithic applications.
So the first benefit of micro services is high.
Maintain ability.
Imagine if,
for the functionality of our application lived together in a single code base,
this would have bean maintain ability.
____, with lots of teams working on the same field at once,
often producing code conflicts are modeling things to
gather that should be completely decoupled.
Micro services, on the other hand,
are separate projects with fully independent co bases,
which tend to be smaller,
easier to reason about on the fully independent of each other.
They also promote agility with a monolithic approach every time it changes made,
the whole application must be tested on the whole
application must be released at once.
This all or nothing approach doesn't exist of micro
services because of micro service.
Can be independently testable in releasable in isolation of its counterparts.
Releases can become more frequent and also less risky as
they don't affect the system as a whole.
Micro services can also be polyglot.
For example,
whilst a model if will only use one language and one database technology,
each micro service can choose whatever is best for its requirements.
Maybe some will be backed by a graph database.
Last overs by Relational on Maybe some will be implemented and go
whilst of is in Java the reality years that having this kind of
flexibility is beneficial and gives far more freedom for developers
to choose different technologies whilst keeping his choices isolated
and easy to change.
Failure Isolation is also major benefit with a model
if the system will fail as a whole.
If it crashes, everything crashes on.
Rolling back or hot fix in a book means the deployment of
the whole system with micro services.
This risk is lowered as books are isolated to individual micro services
that can be deployed independently of everything else.
Also, if something critical happens, like a micro service or database _____,
that much of the remaining system can continue to function.
It can also be designed to do this in a fault tolerant way.
That means a user experience is not negatively impacted on.
Finally, micro services are also independently scalable.
This means if a feature has a high resource requirement,
only means scaling the mobile service that owns that feature.
Everything else can remain untouched, as opposed to a model if which isn't all or nothing type of scale.